Add Ezviz number entity (#27496)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/ezviz.markdown

Trigger device OTA firmware update process for latest stable version.

### Motion Detection Sensitivity

> The motion detection sensitivity can be adjusted by utilizing the "Detection sensitivity" Number entity. It's important to note that this entity fetches information from the device and will not update if your battery-powered camera is in sleep mode, as this measure is implemented to preserve battery life and prevent excessive drainage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The motion detection sensitivity can be adjusted using the "Detection sensitivity" Number entity. It's important to note that this entity fetches information from the device and will not update if your battery-powered camera is in sleep mode, as this measure is implemented to preserve battery life and prevent excessive drainage.
```
